docs(glossary): Add short history about the hash routing (#39996)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/hash_routing/index.md

Author: With this new page, we'll now have "Glossary/Hash_function" and "Glossary/Hash_routing".

I tried multiple workflows but failed to create a "hash" parent folder with child pages for "function" and "routing" for disambiguation. (note we already have a page with slug "Glossary/Function".
The `{{GlossaryDisambiguation}}` macro detects child pages somehow and keeps complaining (`page(Doc) not found /en-US/docs/Glossary/Hash_function` on localhost) even after I renamed the child folders from `hash/hash_function` to `hash/function`.
No luck even after avoiding to use the macro in the starter `hash/index.md`.

```
(gloss-temp)$ mkdir files/en-us/glossary/hash
(gloss-temp)$ git add .
(gloss-temp)$ yarn content move Glossary/Hash_function Glossary/Hash/Function
yarn run v1.22.22
$ yarn -s info:rari && env-cmd --silent cross-env CONTENT_ROOT=files rari-tool move Glossary/Hash_function Glossary/Hash/Function

🐥 This command is now using rari: https://github.com/mdn/rari
🐞 Please report any issues here:  https://github.com/mdn/rari/issues/new?template=bug.yml

This will move 1 documents from Glossary/Hash_function to Glossary/Hash/Function
Glossary/Hash_function -> Glossary/Hash/Function
✔ Proceed? · yes
Error: Invalid 'from' URL for redirect: From-URL '/en-us/docs/glossary/hash' resolves to an existing folder at 'en-us/glossary/hash/index.md' for locale 'en-US'.
error Command failed with exit code 1.
info Visit https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/run for documentation about this command.
```
Perhaps we can tackle this in a follow-up PR.

---
title: Hash routing
slug: Glossary/Hash_routing
page-type: glossary-definition
---

{{GlossarySidebar}}

**Hash routing** is a client-side technique used in single-page applications (SPAs) to manage navigation and state changes without reloading the entire page.

## Historical context

> Early SPAs could not change the path part of the URL without reloading the page. To work around this, developers used **hash-based SPA routing**, which stores the route in the "fragment identifier", the part of the URL that follows the symbol `#`. Common patterns included `#/profile` and `#!/profile`. Applications continually checked [`window.location.hash`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Location/hash) (or listened for the [`hashchange`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/hashchange_event) event when it was supported later) to detect fragment changes during user navigation; the SPA then updated the view whenever the fragment changed.

Author: Nice, adding
```suggestion
Early SPAs could not change the [path](/en-US/docs/Web/URI/Reference/Path) part of the URL without reloading the page. To work around this, developers used **hash-based SPA routing**, which stores the route in the "[fragment](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/URI/Reference/Fragment)", the part of the URL that follows the symbol `#`. Common patterns included `#/profile` and `#!/profile`. Applications continually checked [`window.location.hash`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Location/hash) (or listened for the [`hashchange`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/hashchange_event) event when it was supported later) to detect fragment changes during user navigation; the SPA then updated the view whenever the fragment changed.
```
